# QuickNLSE

Final Note: This work is undocumented, messy, and very likely blighted with error (both mathematical and computational). I am working on a new CUDA library for NLSE (and possibly paralobic SE). Please use that one or one of my other solvers, Crodinger (in C) or SchrodingerMAT (in MATLAB).

NOTE: This is an old work and is unrevised. It's a complete mess and I intend to overhaul it soon. Please use my MATLAB library called HighNLSE, it's much slower, of course, but will get the job done and I even coded 8th order algorithms. I intend to clean up all the files some time soon, move my bash scripts to python and use make files, as any decent human being would, as well as create a new branch for the timing instead of this atrocious mess. Hopefully this will be done by August, I am very busy with another paper.

Numerical Solutions for the nonlinear Schrodinger equation using CPU, CUDA and MPI.

Note: for compiling all these files you can use the compile script as follows:
./compile -c all -r all -o -p 1D
This compiles all 8 1 dimensional files, turns on optimizations (no CUDA runtime/CUFFT error checking and does not check for max |psi| every iteration, and runs all the files. Moreover, it also creates an extra MATLAB/GNU Octave script in $NLSE/1D that can be run to compare the execution time of all the different scripts (with a plot). This script is optimized for my system and might not work for other systems (requires CUDA 5.5 or higher, and a GPU with CUDA Compute Capability 3.0 or higher. Also requires having Open-MPI installed (built with fftw3 support), as well as fftw3. Make sure your $PATH and $LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variables are set correctly. C code is compiled using gcc).

The remove script can be used to remove all the extra files generated by compiling and running the code (.vtk, .m, .out, etc.).
